AwesomeCoder | Mohammad Ibrahim AwesomeCoder Home Skills Testmonials About Contact Talk is cheap. Show me the code I will make your visions become reality, and I love what I do. Let's Talk 4+ Years Experience 380+ Project Compleated at 26+ Countries Skills I have experience in Html5, Css3, Scss Bootstrap, Tailwindcss Javascript, jQuery, AJAX PHP,PHP[OOP], REST API, LARAVEL MYSQL, JSON DB PSD to Html5, PSD to WordPress/WooCommerce WordPress ( Theme Development, Plugin Development) 95% 70% 85% 90% Plugin Development I will develop custom WordPress plugin with custom functionality for you. Template Development I'll convert your dream to custom WordPress and WooCommerce templates. Bugs Fix I'll fix bugs and add custom functionality on your WordPress website. Introduce Hello!, I'm Mohammad Ibrahim Every great design begin with an even better sotry. Since beginning my journey as a web developer nearly 4 years ago, I've done remote work for agencies, consulted for startups, and collaborated with talented people to create digital products for both business and customer use. I'm quietly confident, naturally curious, and perpetually working on improving my chops one problem at a time. Working On Testmonials What's client say about me? 5.0 Rating This plugin didn't exist and he made it happen. / Does amazing work. / Went above and beyond. harrystymiest United States 5.0 Rating Super experience again Work Perfectly fast and good explain Thanks for have find my last issue The PHP have not secret for him stuning service Thanks. addyvey United States 5.0 Rating Md Ibrahim has done a great job, very responsive and quick to get the job done. Perfect service and would recommend him to anyone and will use again. adammartelletti Australia 5.0 Rating Excellent, would highly recommend and will definitely use him again. Very polite, helpful and excellent at what he does. Thank you. dave_a434 United Kingdom 5.0 Rating Very professional, on time and also he has a very good taste for design. He knows what he is doing and he communicate is very well. Definitely recommend him. visiontour Canada 5.0 Rating I would like to thank him for his service and corporation :) bakar686 Qatar 5.0 Rating Very good customer service and did a very good job revamping our website! Super happy with it. Would recommend and will use him again for any future jobs!!! soufianamayour Morocco 5.0 Rating At time delivery with nice touches. Delivered the product as expected. Recommended. ashishsoutiyal India 5.0 Rating Professional plugin Developer, I am really happy with the delivery. Thank you. ghazanfar_786 Pakistan About Me Hello!, I'm Mohammad Ibrahim I'm If you are looking for someone that will make your visions become reality, then look no further. With more than 4+ years of experience working as a developer and working with many clients locally where I live. I have now joined Fiverr to meet new people/companies that might need my service. Contact me and let's talk about what it is. I'm Level Two Seller on Fiverr View Profile Contact Me Contact Information Contact me and I will try to reply to you, within 24 hours. awesomecoder.dev@gmail.com +8801720115642 live:help.md.ibrahim Hi there !, You can find me through Google. You can search "Create Custom Plugin Fiverr" on Google, You will find me on the first result from almost 800000+ results . Contact me and let's talk about your project :) Find Me On Google &copy; AwesomeCoder | All Right Reserved 2018-2021